<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ca99856" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title class="- topic/title ">Connect Your Mobile</title>
  <body>
    <ul>
      <li>Switch on the router and connect ACT internet cable to the WAN/Internet port of the router</li>
      <li>Go to setting in the Mobile, turn on Wi-Fi and wait until the mobile detects router name press the router name to connect.</li>
      <li>If the router is already configured and the Wi-Fi password is known then go to settings in the Mobile</li>
      <li>Under “Wireless and Networks”, press Wi-Fi make sure "Wi-Fi" is turned on.</li>
      <li>Wait until the mobile detects router name press the router name if prompted enter the Wi-Fi password and press Connect.</li>
    </ul>
    <lq>
      <p>
        <b>NOTE</b>
      </p>
    </lq>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Every Router Configuration has two parts
        <ul>
          <li>Configuring the Internet Part, where we tell the Router how to connect to the internet.</li>
          <li>Configuring the Wi-Fi Part, where we decide the name and password with which we connect to the Router</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>
        Internet Configuration shown here will guide to configure the Router in PPPoE.
        <ul>
          <li>This will enable you to browse internet directly, every time you connect to the router. No need to login again and again.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>
        Wi-Fi Configuration has also been given, in order to ease the process of you connecting to the Router
        <ul>
          <li>SSID and Password Creation have been explained.</li>
          <li>Few high end routers have two bands to work on – 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz – This router has both the Bands.</li>
          <li>2.4 GHz band provides higher range, but lesser speed.</li>
          <li>5 GHz band provides lower range, but higher speed.</li>
          <li>Changing Different WI-Fi Channels – Helps in reducing Slow Speed Issues.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </body>
</topic>